e e
good morning
folks give me one second
here all right hope you're all doing
well
just give right here a minute or two to
realize I'm
here how about that debate last
night train all right so um we're
looking at the uh post effect of
830 high impact news
driver we have a huge premium
opening so we're going to look at that
real quick over here on
the 15 minute time frame
[Music]
and we'll look at it
through so we had a previous settlement
close at
18,8
46 so you can see we're up here in
the
920s so it' be a large gap now we're in
let me go back to a
daily chart this inefficiency here
that's what I'm annotating there and
that Weekly inefficiency at larger one
and then there's one right in here okay
see that it's got these Dash lines on it
so we open trade it down to that and
then trade it to a high of this
inefficiency that I'll change a little
bit in terms of the colors that we can
see
okay so that's where you're at the top
of that right
there right
here so they're putting um relatively go
highs in there at the high of that
inefficiency and there's a small
little inefficiency in the form of a
volume IM balance between this candle
close you see that at 924 3/4 in the
open at 21 even
so they accomplished both here trading
to candlestick's low
here and repricing to that volume and
balance okay
great there see that separation between
these two bodies these candles
respectively that's that price rate into
that now I want to see if they want to
make that area a little bit more Jagged
or if they're just going to be content
with leaving it just as it is
here okay another two minutes or so
we'll have the opening bell
this is a 15-second chart over here on
the right hand
[Music]
side down to a 15 on the chart on the
left
[Music]
five minute on the left hand side
chart I'm watching this inefficiency
right here on the 15 second
and with the order block right there on
the five seeing if uh
they have any interest in that maybe as
an inversion there's cell side resting
right down at the
888s 8
86s right
here 30 seconds opening bell
[Music]
there's your opening Gap
previous settlement to
opening half the gap's already traded to
[Music]
and there's that Gap I was telling you
use it for inversion in
[Music]
here volume of balance
included there's that so much like
voodoo voodoo that we do
almost full Gap
closure you see a little separation in
there
still
so deep retracement back down inside
that opening range Gap
half the Gap
closure be interested to see this same
inefficiency on the 15sec chart if you
can climb above that find that as a
discount array be interesting to see if
they want to swipe that uh 18928
level just relax and sit and still
sorry if you hear
that prot
shake
asml I
st so if you see the uh the little
shaded area here that's a little darker
than the other area up
here that is the top of an inefficiency
on a hard time frame chart so I'm
watching that to see if there's any kind
of interest in using that level in
addition to this inefficiency right
there right now their spy side sitting
at uh 928
celai resides at
[Music]
8:52 for
okay so we had the the gap down here
used ran back up
into inversion fa again Wick through the
body are staying below it
new day opening gap on the 11th today's
new day opening Gap draw liquidity
watching the mid point this this
Wick
here okay full Gap closure then
bodies right here at
the that's this level
here okay so previous settlement or
regular trading hours you can see that
down here the right hand
corner May the opening Gap and then to
the top of that old daily
inefficiency for
okay we're seeing if we can
find the previous settlement does it
want to explore
lower or if it gets back inside the
range we have to wait and see what we
get in regards to that so far it's been
delivery off that inversion P Gap here
if we Gap closure
okay we're inside of the
Gap that's this from here to open price
so this previous settlement price in
here we're back inside of that
now now you can it can do a lot of this
type of wicking and red delivery back in
here because there's no real bodies
notice that here let me highlight on the
chart to the
left I don't want that color cuz it's
not
so in between
here there's no bodies there's a Wix
there then we have one single candle
body down so what we're seeing here is
actually very efficient delium price
it's going right back up to reprice over
top of that little segment of price
action right there distinctly
uh framed by these bodies in that
previous settlement price there
now my interest is since we had this
area here and we we delivered price does
it have a willingness to come back down
and does it respect the top end of that
blue box area there because it is it
becomes now a balanced price range it
trades below it that is decidedly weak
so we're at a juncture where price would
need to have some respect of that blue
area where it's at now or if it goes
below it all this was is retracement
back into the Open Range the first 30
minutes and after the got closure
see I press this delivered there
next key levels Thursday last week's
daily
look watch this line in here okay that's
that
old let me take out the
daily that is
this see that candlestick's low right
there on Thursday September 5th
that's this dash line it's little hard
to see CU I got these colorings on it
watch that and the end dog in
there cuz we broke lower
here take this sh B off
too
[Music]
much any want to watch the bodies in
here
so this let me take this off
see this
inefficiency there to here
I'll make it a color like
this this Gap here Trad down that and
end do for
today and we're back inside of that
inefficiency I outlined on the opening
range Gap so we ran Southside here dug
into this inefficiency a little bit so
that 810
level we just just below that
candlestick's low there and
now resume your attention back on this
little segment of price action which is
framed
[Music]
on this area here where they delivered
the
bodies think about like that paint
roller analogy I like to use there's not
a whole lot of paint in between the
previous day settlement here in that
candlestick's
body and this candlestick's body we had
one single pass down yes while this Wick
did go back above it it doesn't have a
body laid over top that range on the
upside until this green candle here then
they went down took out southide
here into that inefficiency on the daily
chart and then rally back up and now
we're back inside this little area so
it's moving a lot around all these
specific PDA Ray and it's not giving any
real clear framework so far the initial
drop into Gap
closure off of the inversion fair value
Gap there it was that was a nice run
I like the volatility
here if you're just looking at the one
minute chart like over
here just could be a little perplexing
[Music]
so now we're banging at the bottom end
of that one minute
[Music]
Gap so they
have a little Southside right
[Music]
there that was a little too shallow for
my liking
[Music]
okay 15 minutes trading so
far little
wild see if we can get that deeper
run that low down
same
no awfully wild
today come on
just a little bit deeper there you
go all right so we had a Gap open higher
came down filled the Gap tried to Rally
treated that area in here at balance
price
range and we took another
cide the
Cod and change this to electronic
sessions now because we
have opportunity to
[Music]
seek it's a little smooth in there even
if it doesn't want to get down to the
consequent version this Wick this is a
one minute chart on electronic tra
electronic trading hours data not
regular trading
hours that Wick's consequent
coaching I'm eyeballing that the
smoothness of these two relative equal
lows they took the cell side between
this low and this low which was a little
too shallow of a jump below there so now
we're working inside now watch this
Wick here
so kind like
this
do always
jumps go it's good
right so back into endg and the high of
that shaded area here you can see
quickly why I don't like to have all
this stuff in my chart just the numbers
is enough and you constantly refer I'm
constantly referring back to that level
and where price is at but for visual
representation for Caleb and for any of
you that are interested in watching is
having on your chart you can see the
behavior of what price does when it gets
there see how the bodies are staying
right at the top of that shaded area
here that's like a I guess it a I don't
know what color that is to be honest
with you it's just not the gray
background the body is just laying right
at the top of that dash
line that's the high of this
inefficiency here okay see how it's
delivering
lower we have minor cell side
now here and over here that
candlestick's low that candlestick's
low buy side would be on the other side
of this balanced price range which would
be right here so this would this would
be your minor buy side and your minor
sell side that's the cool liquidity that
matters not your book math
okay book probably hates me cuz sound
like I'm always dogging them out I'm
just trying to teach people to do things
with price
alone now if you remember a moment ago I
was showing you watch this Wick
here and Dr Drew that line here at the
midpoint which is 118
8775 and I told you watch the bodies in
here see how it's showing you it's
respecting what what's it respecting
it's the the high of the inefficiency
and then here's that Wix consequent
coach and it hits it there and delivers
down into this range that right there is
enough for a
scout and that's enough to do what a lot
of the guys on YouTube do like these
small little tiny little price
fluctuations so if you're having these
higher time frame and efficiencies on
your chart and you're watching how price
is moving and gravitating towards
short-term sell side and buy side you
don't even need to have the full range
deliver and you get these little bread
and butter type easy breadwinning you
know scalps let get them and take them
and run that's all these high frequency
trading algorithms are doing they're
finding these these price points here
and when they get the data the supports
that it's it's referring to all the
bodies here the opens and closes have to
match what's it matching the high that
inefficiency I gave you on the daily
chart at the beginning of the stream
then it delivers gives you one more
chance to use that encroachment of
this one minute candlesticks Wick you
don't see it but you get it right there
right there and delivers lower just that
alone that's a high frequency Scout and
they're doing these things all day long
remember this is a 15-second time frame
how many times is price using the PD
arrays of outline here today and the
fluctuations movement back and forth
they don't need a directional bias like
they're not trading in a One Direction
only you
know it it's multi-dimensional so allows
them to be very liquid and fluid and in
and out in and out so that's what I'm
saying like there's always
liquidity always it's not just above old
highs and Below old lows but there's
smaller micro structure that you have to
be aware of if you look for these types
of things what'll happen is if you're
using like very small time frames like
the 15sec chart or 30 second chart it
helps you decide what you're looking for
because you got a lot of examples inside
of one daily
range so look at all the fluctuations in
here I mean if I would tell
you that the NASDAQ is going to move
1,500 points
today would you believe
me chances are you prob think well mean
that's that's a little bit stretch to
but if you add up every tiny fluctuation
from up down up down up down it actually
does more than
that so from a Quant stance and yes I'm
familiar with that and a lot of people
like to trouble me in the past I'm I'm
this and I'm a that um quants understand
that dynamic they don't have to have a
daily range that's determined with a
directional bias it's good for you as a
retail Trader to learn how to do
that keep this
here the u a high frequency trading
algorithm can operate without having a
viice all it needs to do is frame very
specific reference points and then when
it gives
a like a confirming quality
measurement meaning that if we know that
this inefficiency is marked here as I
was showing you at the beginning of the
stream and I'll show you in a minute
before we well not in the minute but
before we close the stream at
10:30 I'll recap some of the things that
that way you can go back through your
charts Caleb and use this video as
well the uh he he'll have to use my
charts in this regard because it doesn't
have the full package for live data on
trading view so you'll use my chart here
you'll screenshot these and then what we
discuss when you get off work tonight
this is the conversation we'll have but
the bodies are respecting these key
levels and when we see things like that
uh for instance like up over here
we're looking at that inefficiency in
the opening range gap on one minute
chart and where the bodies were closing
here that tells you it's respecting what
the high in the dead in efficiency so
it's likely that it will explore the
other side of it other side of what that
inefficiency well if it's going to go
down to the bottom of that inefficiency
what's in close proximity to that that
low so we'll be resting below that cell
side so they can get in here and aim for
that little tiny structure between the
new day opening gap of September 11 and
accomplish the Run below that low for
cell side liquidity so it's
accomplishing two things it's using
these PD arrays that I'm telling you to
focus on and then think about a narrati
and an airp doesn't have to be for the
entirety of the daily range it doesn't
have to be for the session it can be
done on micro Market structure like this
small little tiny little fluctuations
that you can use to Parlay and compound
and you can have a very very small
account very very small account and use
just micro Lots that's not even you're
not you're not even trading with big
leverage but you can do a lot of these
types of setups and they can compound
over time and what happens if you use
that structure this approach and you're
finding maybe two or three of them a day
two or three of them a day and you're
you're gaining anywhere between 1 and a
half to 3% a day
think about that but you're out there
trying to swing the bat trying to get
10%
15% and you don't even know what you're
doing half the time so what I'm trying
to teach Caleb is there is a plethora of
opportunity every single day even in
ugly price action you can use a
15-second
chart but the problem
is you as a viewer as a new student if I
tell you these types of things and I
show you on a 15-second chart
immediately you want to sign up to
trading view or the equivalent and have
a 15sec chart and try to trade every
optimal trade entry every fair value Gap
every potential inversion fair value Gap
every order block and then because you
don't know what you don't know you end
up hurting yourself and you think well
it's this is too complicated when it's
really not complicated what's
complicated is is you're you're not
settled in on what you're aiming for
what you're what you're searching for in
terms of a a model or
setup all you have to have is something
that's going to be a catalyst for
sending price higher or lower what's the
what's what's the factor that you're
looking for in price that's going to
constitute a reason to expect price not
go any higher not go sideways but do go
lower or why should it go higher but not
go
sideways but I think I said that wrong
let me say slower this is where the
control M on Camtasia Studio would be
and I'd go in and say it again and then
I'd go back in the editing part and cut
that part out and leave the part I was
supposed to save correctly
so what you're looking for is something
that would promote a discount array to
keep price from moving lower but not go
sideways allowing and affording uh buy
side delivery that means moving higher
in price or identify a premium array
where price should not go any higher but
do not go sideways but affords the
opportunity for sell-side
delivery to unfold in price or move
lower okay so that's essentially what a
high frequency trading algorithm is
coded around that logic that's all it's
trying to do it's not trying to be in
there capturing the full Daily range
there are there are algorithms that try
to capitalize on that but it's primarily
in there with lots of transactions all
day long just constantly firing off and
one of that one of the advantages of
having those in the marketplace where
they catch a lot of flack
you know people that don't know how to
read price or understand how these
Market actually Book price uh they'll
vilify algorithms algorithms are messing
up everything algorithms are actually
making things a whole lot better they're
they're providing a great deal more of
liquidity and that should be smiled upon
but when you're looking at johnq public
who doesn't really understand what price
is doing how it
behaves they're always looking for some
external source to blame when they lost
money because they overl is they gambled
they over traded and or they just simply
don't have a model they don't know what
they're doing and they think just by
pushing a button like at the casino
they're going to get a jackpot so when
you when you look at things soberly like
that it kind of it's refreshing number
one because it's not something that you
should be fearful of you should be
thankful that there's a whole lot more
liquidity in the marketplace because of
their presence they're always constantly
buying and selling it's not just they're
only buying today or they're only buying
right now they're selling they're buying
and selling all day long boom bo boom
boom so
knowing what you're looking for you know
for instance again I told you the five
minute um I'm sorry the one minute uh
candlesticks Wick right
here
me
here that low up to that
high
18.75 okay that's what I'm highlighting
with that little line that I drew across
earlier right there look how it came up
and hit that again right there that's a
turtle suit old high hits it what's it
going to do if it goes there well it can
run down to that and then Target the
lows I told you that my eye was drawn to
here and then that consequent apprach of
that Wick down
[Music]
here so if if ICT could be personified
for a
[Music]
moment you can see see that
uh if I was a high frequency trading
algorithm that's what you
get all life in front of you
explained make a meme about
it and you're out here looking at silly
stuff looking at indicators and whatnot
moving averages of
BW none of that stuff is what's can
price go up and
down so we have the I don't know what's
going on but today feels like a lifetime
it feels like the last 30 minutes took
like an hour and a
half like time feels like it's moving
extremely slow today very very slow but
um
a that a't that brilliant look look at
that that's brilliant isn't
it that consequent
encroachment what's the price low look
up here I'm going to move it over so you
can see that price right up here upper
LEF hand corner right where my cursor is
we're looking for
74175 this candlesticks
low to the tick 71 uh 74175 find that
seriously find that and find a man W off
Elliot wave
pitchforks it's not it's not there folks
okay it's not
so you can break these same smaller uh
micro structures down and how does a
high frequency trading algorithm add to
a position how would it do that well if
you're looking for saying for instance
that consequent croch I'm goingon to I'm
going to make this a little bit bolder
and color it red okay so that way what
you see over here is this line over here
on the 15sec chart and then this level
down here I'm going to thicken that up
and make it blue so that way we can see
a range in P how an algorithm would see
this and how it could it build trades
around
it so you have a short-term High here
this is a really good one because it
want to see an old high taken there
so what would be above that short-term
High buy stops something trailed lower
okay or a breakout to go long it doesn't
matter what the context is it's just the
premise is above that high there is
going to be liquidity the algorithm
that's being traded as a high frequency
mechanism
to you know Harvest fluctuations in pric
all day long it's not a aware just like
the price engine is not aware okay of
how many stops are above or below the
marketplace it does it doesn't need to
know that the premise is is above old
high and Below an old low there's
liquidity there it doesn't matter if
it's one contract or if it's 10,000
contracts it's just that's the
underlying premise that's why it's it's
the same thing as a video game where the
coding is done in a manner where it's
following the same logic Pac-Man can
only go this way or that way and and the
ghost can only move around inside of
that maze because that's the parameters
upon which the the maze was designed for
that given level and this is how many
power dots are going to be in here so
it's always a static thing it doesn't
need to change every time you go to that
same map when you play play call duty
the same stuff is there what's changing
the players but they have to stay inside
that realm of whatever that map is at
the time of their game play so when when
the price is being
delivered the AL ithm that delivers
price is already predetermined this is
this is where it's going to go this is
where it's going to stop and this is
where it's going to hang around it's all
delivered by time we get the opportunity
to
trade inside that map okay or that that
spatial defined range of price action in
the presence
of time that we associate with a morning
session a a lunchtime period an
afternoon session a London session and
Asian session each one of them is like a
map when you're playing a video game
okay and before that price is delivered
it's already predetermined it's scripted
now a lot of it's
calculated based on previous days range
last three days range previous weeks
range previous month's range and all of
that's being done and calculated and
then the algorith if it's left to do
what it's coded to do it'll just do its
thing unfortunately on days like today
FC and nonr payroll It's a Wonderful
opportunity for the
handlers okay the owners of this price
mechanism they get to go in and stir it
up a little bit okay and it makes it a
little bit more wild and to the
untrained eye it looks a little
unorganized it doesn't look like there's
anything to do there's no trade setups
when there's a plethora of trade setups
but the problem is it takes a great deal
of understanding about how you would
frame these setups so let's let's talk
about one I gave you the consequent
corion of this Wick live in front of all
of you and I gave you this area here
where I I thought that that was a little
too smooth and we were confirmed by the
bodies up here that inefficiency this
this entire range here we don't need
this is the main takeaway folks we don't
need to see this low end of that
inefficiency that dotted line or dash
line here that's the low on that daily
inefficiency we don't need it to trade
all the way down there I said that is
the consequent corion so we don't even
need it to trade down there why because
this is a wick so the damage is probably
done and how can I still use this low
consequent
encroachment that just happens to be the
lowest tick on that
Candlestick where did I get that
from where where what books did I get
that from right exactly
so when we have this old high here and
it trades right back up into this
candlestick's consequent encroachment in
in case you haven't noticed this yet
this could be your model you're looking
for opposing premium and discount
consequent coachs on the Wicks oh my
goodness that's very simple that's easy
right it's very easy wait for a
qualifying indication and signature and
price action that the price is
respecting what the highend of thatb
range of this
inefficiency if you're still lost if you
just started watching the stream you
don't know what this is I'll show it to
you before I close the stream
again but here we have liquidity and
it's the midpoint or consequent cro of
this Wick I told you about watching it
trades above it does two things it goes
above short-term High where there's
going to be liquidity and it goes right
to a point where the algorithm will
refer back to what the price engine is
doing so there's a there's this hand
shaking okay that's that's actually what
the term is where the algorithms that
trade with with the logic that the price
engine delivers price when those two
come together in agreement that's what
causes these high frequency
trading algorithms and price engine to
meet perfectly that gives you that very
low tick being what I told you would
look for that's not random buying and
selling pressure because it's programmed
and coded to go to these predetermined
price levels cuz I mean I'm out here
telling you in a live setting this isn't
pre-recorded I'm pointing the very
specific things and you're watching them
unfold
live it's this logic that creates the
buying and moving higher and it's the
selling that moves from here and moves
lower it has nothing to do with how many
contracts we as a retail Trader or even
institutional big conglomerates they're
not controlling price either they still
have to operate in that map just like a
video game it we can only see price go
beyond this measure only if there's
manual
intervention so if you can do an
observation with me here above the
short-term High trading into that one
minute consequent encroachment Wick
that's over here and it's trading right
there it hits it and then we're looking
for that consequent croing down
here they can go short here then it
breaks down a 15sec chart now and then
when it creates these volume IM balances
which is what I'm telling you to look
for in price
action widen up a little bit here
why it not
there all this is porest price
action I'll explain that in a second
give me a
moment this candles sticks close on this
black down closed candle this candle
here has a little bit of a wick but
there's no bodies overlapping and
touching between the two and you have
the very next candle here this small
little pocket of inefficiency it's just
really porous there's no there's no
Rhyme or Reason as to why you could look
at that with any retail perspective and
say this is something that would
constitute a buy or sell but I'm telling
you that that is in need of Patchwork
I've already let the cat out of the bag
last last week's stream but this is
called Patrick where the price engine
will come back up and redeliver into
that area allowing for and in efficient
not inefficient an inefficient delivery
price so when the market trades in there
high frequency trading algorithms will
work with this area and fire in shorts
shorts shorts shorts shorts
targeting this
low these smooth lows over
here consequent coach of that
Wick any expansion beyond that takes us
down into new day opening gap on the
10th but the algorithm only needs the
high frequency trigger algorithm only
needs to see okay if I'm going to sell
short here I'm going to add to it here
so going to short add
more take something off below
here delivers to the tick down to the
consequent approachment of that Wick
right
there you aren't going to get those
levels of per you're not going to get
it but they'll get it all day long
they'll get it all day long and they'll
do it with less time than 15
seconds it's just constant
firing so there are time
frames that are less than one minute
that you can visually see this
occurring and once you see it once it's
like today what I'm explaining to you
today you won't find that in any else's
material you're not going to find it
okay they can call themselves a Quant
they can call themselves you know former
institutional Trader former Market maker
this is all Greek to them they have no
idea what I'm explaining but here I am
I'm explaining exactly what's going to
happen in the market on a 15sec chart to
the tip over and over and over again so
we want to see if we can wipe out that
low here because right now it's hanging
around the consequent cor this Wick and
it's spending too much time there too
much time
so let's see if it wants to explore an
outside run of that inefficiency while
we're looking at it I'm going to show
you um what I'm referring to here again
for the folks that are not really
getting what I'm talking about if you
look at your daily chart on the
NASDAQ a't it fun when you when you
start seeing price like this you're
never ever ever going to fear missing a
move you're never going to miss you're
never going to miss out on anything
let's put it that way
because there's always something to do
there's always something
to engage in there's always an opport
see I started zooming in without showing
you what I was pointing to okay here
this Candlestick this big one this Wick
that low is right there so what I'm
doing is I'm I'm
highlighting this candlestick's low and
now I'm going to change it just a little
bit in color so that way you can see
over on the right hand side
see how it's different
now that's the high end of that range
right there when we're watching it live
together I told you watch this right
here see what the bodies are showing you
what this is when I talk about price
action and showing
signatures okay this is where you write
down stuff folks okay you screenshot
this Caleb and you start putting down in
your own words what I've said and then
you start going into Old charts old
moves any time frame
the only benefit that these sub one
minute charts provide you is it's lots
more opportunity to study and that
equates to much more opportunities for
the
well-rounded
not you
know action H uh junkie to go out there
and trade all the time there's certain
things you still have to understand look
for but look very very close what do you
see in this swing High what do you see
there's a couple things that's occurring
there and I've already thought about
these before but I want you to think
about what's occurring there and I'll
tell you exactly what the signatures are
but here is that range and it's anchored
to this candlestick's low which is there
and then candlesticks High here so we're
highlighting this big black portion of
this big down close candle now we just
expanded through you see that let's go
down into one minute
chart it's almost like I shouldn't know
this
stuff waiting for the knock at the door
onen you
I'm something I shouldn't
see imagine being 20 years old and
you're the only person that knows
it oh see these are the stories that
make me want to turn you off good turn
me off you won't learn it so back to
this level here I want you to think
we'll go back to this in a
second the buy side's taken drops down
this little area of porous price action
there isn't bodies l laying over
top okay between this Candlestick here
and this Candlestick these are two very
broad Candlestick bodies in between them
we have this little indecisive candle
that Steve Nelson would say it's some
kind of silly pattern no all you have to
do is look at the body that started at
here and it encapsulates it here so that
entire range that's your volume bound
you will not draw it on that Candlestick
body because some of you are thinking
you just drew that wrong and you're
typing up comment if you already sent it
on my uh previous posts just go delete
that because you don't know what you're
talking about so this is a real volume
IM balance that's defined when you have
an indecisive candle in the middle of it
okay so that's another PD array oh but
it's all still the same thing gaps are
always fair value gaps are all the same
they're not they actually do certain
things
differently but you you'll learn about
that as we go you add to it here you can
take something off there and then we
have a small little inefficiency as well
between this Candlestick here and that
Candlestick there we trade up into it
hits delivers trades lower and trades
right to the tick and then later on we
watched it doing
um where was it at all this body work in
here at that midpoint of that Wick right
there I know it's hard to see me make it
a little bit broader there you
go feels like you're stealing don't it
you're getting all this information for
free I can't believe this guy's teaching
all this stuff for
free it's because uh I don't need your
money don't need courses I don't need
your handouts I don't need your
tips I don't even need your thank yous
how about that so if we look at the
748 and there you go so when you start
seeing a a wick like
this and it starts building bodies
around that okay any any short-term
premium array while it's creating this
in here you want to use that as a short
or if you're already short you can add a
very small like maybe toss on one more
contract toss on two contracts if you're
holding like 15 20 contracts you just
toss on a small little just just like a
kick it up a notch remember like Emerald
uhi he's a a chef used to be on TV maybe
he is still I don't know but he would
always like bam and he would put the the
spice on it and kick it up a notch it
just gives it a little bit more kick in
the ass when you got it right just one
more little chef's kiss because it's
getting ready to take off basically
so when it's hanging around here what do
you see don't worry we're going to come
back to this you're oh you a you didn't
finish this I know exactly what I'm
doing okay over here what do you
see do you see this Gap
here do you see the longest Wick
here you see
[Music]
that
768.jpg longest one so that means that's
the one your eyes going to jump
to how far can it go past that little
Gap consequent encroachment there boom
it affords it and then tank City crosses
over endg and expansion even
lower this over here when I was telling
you look right here see what the bodies
are showing
you they're indicating that yes we went
all the way up to the tick of that endg
see that
perfectly and it's a high highest high
lower high so you have a swing high in
place but look what this Wick is doing
right
there what's it
doing it's only going half of this
previous Wick it's exactly what I taught
you to look for in this
mentorship 2024's mentorship I'm taking
you behind the algorithm pulling the
veil back showing you things that nobody
can show you they cannot tell you the
logic I'm proving it to you in front of
you live how can how can it be
cherry-picked in hindsight how can how
how do I have the luxury of being able
to do that I don't I'm out here on a
tight wire with no
net 18,
83150 what's the high of that
candle 18, 8317555000
is it making a run into the high of that
same Wick previous one touches the end
dog
no when you see me doing the recordings
and you probably seen it in other videos
where I've shown uh executions and
they'll see where I'm going short and
I'll add more to it right there and
they're like man dude like he's adding
right there I'd be afraid I was getting
stopped out why if you understand these
types of information is in price why
would you be fearful of it
you wouldn't be fearful of it if you
knew what I'm teaching and proving daily
live streaming it not
hindsight all these things that I'm
teaching it's the same logic it's not
morphing in anything different I'm not
form feeding I'm not form fitting it for
the the sake of having it for this
example or that example go back and
listen to the lecture if you take a
notes you already know what I just
talked about
here
so when we
have okay
8 and a half minutes and we're going to
close it I want to keep these down to uh
an hour or so simply because even
Caleb's tapping out saying Dad this is
this is too much I can't I can't watch
it all it starting to mess with his head
because he thinks he has to keep up just
like someone you most of you feel you
got to keep up you don't have to keep up
you watch the content at your own speed
and your own pace don't feel like you
got to you know constantly be in here
every single day keeping up with the
rest of everyone else that's may be
doing it lot CU chances are the people
that are here live they're not even
making good notes they're just in here
trying to wait for a setup or a signal
to be
confirmed all right so in this little
area right in
here all right see this little high and
we talked about that Wick there let me
take this off clean this
up bro says there's no algorithm there's
no algorithm
bro if you look at this little I gra the
f I need to
[Music]
rectangle thing
here okay so that's a small little Gap
right there and I'm going to highlight
it
there so now that low of this
Candlestick on that 15sec chart is this
candlestick's low here that makes the
high of that inefficiency this
candlestick's High makes the low of that
box okay and that's this Candlestick on
the 15sec chart so now watch What's
Happening Here inside of this
inefficiency if you were just looking at
15-second
chart you would think that this to
this is your
Gap when it's the
higher level over here with this Wick
consequent encourage you got to afford
yourself the ability to trade outside
that if you don't if you don't start
looking at price and start studying
price like this and annotating them and
then go back and look at my trade
executions you'll see why my stop is
where it's at all the time where I'm
placing a stop why it's always looking
phenomenal and it gets close to it and
you're all
sweating I'm using this logic I'm
looking at how far can it color Outside
the Lines okay how far can this Wick
go beyond that little
tiny gap between this candlestick's low
and that candlestick's
high if you don't look for those types
of things you could be right about what
it is that you're learning from me know
where it's going to go nail down a
really good entry phenomenal
entry maybe even add to an existing
position but then you do
something ill advised because you you
don't know the things I'm teaching today
this is a very highend top tier type
level of teaching if you understand
what's being presented here you're never
going to run short on entries or trade
setups but more specifically how you are
going to manage your Dynamic risk that
means once a trade position is open your
stop loss has to start reducing in its
risk it doesn't mean jaming up
immediately to break even or plus
something that's the problem the problem
in the industry is you're all trying to
protect yourself from losing immediately
when you have to allow and afford
yourself risk there's there has to be
some
comfort and
assuming initial
risk trying to remove risk is a
Paramount thing in trading yes but it's
usually done so in the hands of uh the
unlearned and the neoy is they they
quickly want to get out of that
pain that pain area where if it goes me
I'm going to lose I don't want to I
don't want to lose I don't want to lose
you got to give your trades time to
develop a little bit and start running
down range once they get to 25% of what
you think the profit Target is then if
you want to take it to break even and
cover your cost of commissions you're
still probably going to get stopped out
sometimes and it'll still probably run
in your direction but that Insight that
paid premium education that you're
paying for by getting stopped out and
not making all the money you thought you
were going to make on that transaction
or that trade the information you get
from from it yields so much to lean upon
in the future but you're you're trying
to prevent that without knowing that
that's what you're doing the things that
you have that are going to be your best
footholds in your progress are the
things that you're never going to
recognize because you're trying to do
things like I need to get my stops to
break even or I don't want to use a stop
loss because I don't want to get stopped
out P I don't know how to use a stop
loss properly that's what I'm teaching
I'm teaching that so that way you should
not be a if anybody sends me charts or
if you if you see them sharing a chart
online and they're showing a profit
that's open and running but there is no
stop
loss un unfollow them or block them
because you what you're seeing is a
clout Chaser that is the clearest
indication that that is a person that is
chasing clout they want you to focus on
what they feel in that chart or that
picture look at the numbers I'm showing
here what you're showing me with 32
years of doing this is you don't know
how to trade and you finally got
something
lucky and you don't want to you don't
want to put a stop loss on there between
the time you taking the picture of it
because it might Spike down here because
you have irrational
fear because you want to hold on to it
hopefully it moves a little bit more so
you can go online say but look at this
trade
ICT but there's no stop loss so you're
you're a [__] you're an idiot okay
because you're trying to sell the image
to people that don't know any better but
I knew better and people even you know
less experienc than I do that make real
money they can look at the stuff like
that and say this is nonsense
but that's what gets everybody's
attention online they don't want to sit
into a lecture like this where I'm
literally telling you the science behind
why the market will go to where it's
going to go how far it'll go and then
when you take that logic and start
framing around okay well what happens if
I start having a real bias for the
session or for the day how how might
that impact my trading and how can I use
this to benefit my stop stop loss
management my stop loss placement how
can I afford new pyramid entries if I'm
on side if the trade's really paying out
my favor and I have a whole lot more
room for the trade to go in my favor and
I'm not past the 50% threshold of
whatever I think that Target is say it's
100 100 handles that you're holding for
some of you might be thinking yourself
dude that's that's so outside my my
realm of potential I'm sure Tanya trades
probably thought that initially when
when she first started learning how to
do this but she's pulling down 100 plus
handles right in front of all of you on
our live streams so and she's a woman
not that's
a discounted uh opinion that's actually
me lifting it up I'm trying to tell you
young men that you're trying to do
things through the perspective of an ego
and you're preventing yourself from
growing progressively and modular and
letting these things that are going to
occur naturally that's going to give you
more insight about yourself and it's
going to reveal opportunities what do
you need work on how can you know what
that is until you fail at it
how how can you I got one minute left
how can
you make yourself improve if you're not
having adversity like weight training
you can't get bigger muscles and
stronger muscles unless you have
resistance but you want no resistance in
your trading you want no resistance
whatsoever that's not that's not the
equivalent of low resistance liquidity
you still have resistance in your trade
it's not going a straight line the best
best conditions in trading are trading
in low resistance liquidity runs but
that doesn't mean it's not stopping and
pausing and creating new opportunities
to add
more it just means that that's the
cleanest price
run some of you want to take the
furthest extreme and make it that's the
only way you you're going to be able to
do it or you're not going to be
satisfied and it has to happen
immediately or it's all scam it's a
fro and you you just have too high
expectations and two shorttime Horizon
goals and they're in your way they are
in your way and you you came up with
those ideas I'll skap them to you
so this inefficiency in here this one
single Candle on the 15sec
chart you think that it might need to
come all the way back up to here for
your
entry the low end of this rectangle here
which is this one right there on that
this candlesticks high on one minute
that right there that's where the entry
would be but your stop has to take in
account that that Wick over here it can
trade up to its consequent encroachment
no think if that's occurring what else
do you have to factor in the fact that
this is an up closed candle amongst down
closed candles so that is what bearish
order block so your stop has to do what
refer to that opening price because
that's a change in the state of delivery
in this price run
here that right
there that opening price your stop has
to have at least that in terms of where
it needs to be placed with that that's a
really big stock loss no it's not I mean
it's a lot if you're trying to do 30
contracts on your funded account because
they said you can trade it I mean I
don't know is there even a fund account
company that lets you do that many
contracts I don't
know it's suide if that's if that's what
you're telling me so your stop loss
would have to be one tick above that and
that's above this
inefficiency see
that it trades up now soon as this
Candlestick closes and we open start
trading down you would be watching and
saying okay I have confirmation that the
body didn't even close at the high end
of this inefficiency but it traded just
a little bit outside of that one that
makes this a mohawk all all this price
action here is a mohawk we know that
when this Candlestick starts delivering
like that and any little retracement in
here what are we looking for we want to
see the middle of this inefficiency hold
it at Bay it should not go any higher
than that because it's already done what
it's done the work of going going into
the upper half of it so we'll take this
one off say what I have to say about it
and then we'll close for
today look what it's doing it trades to
it look at the bodies is it indicating
that it wants to go in the upper half of
it no the bodies are telling you they're
literally telling you that we've already
done the work here and because I told
you over here it's spending too much
time right there and watch and see if we
don't get a flush down into New Day
opening Gap and expand lower did it do
it did you hear me talking about going
higher was it a buy was it something
like a turtle soup long something like
that
no like this is onside LLC here okay
that's that's what this is this is the
cult of winning okay you want to be a
cult member okay all you got to do is
show up be a proud member of the people
that know what the [__] going on
around here so that upper
portion right there should not be traded
to because it's already been delivered
there at the same time we're
consolidating and building blocky price
action with these bodies right at the
consequent encouragment let me tell you
something okay there is never going to
be a time there's very few things that
are absolutes in trading and and in
technical analysis okay but we don't do
technical analysis right here we do
technical
science a consequent encroachment of a
wick okay when it has everything leaning
that is likely to go lower if it starts
building bodies of the candlesticks
around that consequent
encroachment it's going to go
lower so if you've missed um a price run
you missed it okay well okay that's no
problem this Candlestick you know the
fact that it runs into this premium
array consequent encroachment use the
order block as your stop placement
that's your high end you got to be able
to frame a trade that's small enough
that that won't hurt you if you get
stopped out but it's big enough for you
to care about the trade that's the
that's the balancing point do you care
about what you're making and losing in
the trade because if you don't you're
not trading large enough but if you're
trading so large to every little tiny
fluctuation or the moment you put the
trade on you're in panic you're trading
too high leverage so you need to find
out what that is and the only way you
can do that is start trading with
micros just get good at doing that
because you're going to find that even
that is going to be like a a very hard
thing to go through you're going to be
stressed out because your the outcome is
monetized even if it's for
peanuts little bit little bit of money
the fact that you're making or losing
it's going to when you make 20 bucks in
that like
yes oh yeah where's my stage everybody
needs to recognize me look at me 20
bucks baby 20 bucks how about
it but if you lose 10 it feels like
you've lost your wife they just took
something from you you're you're missing
your first born see your mind thinks
this way because you have been learning
your entire life to look at things like
that you're always a victim but you're
owed everything too you need to change
that you don't have it because you don't
go after it and you don't know it
because you haven't studied it and you
don't have any excuses for somebody
right here talking to you exactly what's
going on and you're not having to pay
for it
so when you go through your charts
Caleb today you're going to have to use
mine but the uh the elements that price
delivers like this
that way you can get a good
screenshot okay that right there that's
this Wick up here on the one minute
chart and then all the way down here
that's here okay so one of the other
exercises whenever you have a a a fair
value gap on a higher time what you do
is any time frame don't think that what
I'm about to say only applies to a daily
chart but if you have any inefficiency
any inefficiency think about what I'm
saying if you run standard deviations on
that that means if you use measure move
Concepts where this Range High down to
that low if you take that range and you
replicate it and move it
lower do something like this I promise
this is the last thing I'm saying I have
to get off here because I'm already
wanting to talk about a whole lot more
stuff and my son's probably going to be
looking at the video time and be like
see you can't
even I can't help it I love it I love
this and You' love the fact that I love
it okay so anyway here is one standard
deviation lower so it's reasonable to
expect it to move at least that much but
what happens if it wants to go just a
little bit further what that teach you
whenever you have a range or dealing
range and you want to see how far it can
run for external range liquidity what's
the easiest little tiny little thing
that you can change in your Fibonacci to
get that level real quick what is it I
can't hear you say it louder the guy in
the back in the right hand side what
what was that 1.25 right you are right
sir you are right damn he read my
mind go over to the one point five level
and just add a two to that okay and then
okay right there that is a beautiful
area to anticipate external range beyond
the scope of this a measured move you
get that right there you're content
you're done don't worry about chasing
anything else if you're trying to be a
session Trader we're going into the
lunch hours just relax you you you would
have made more points more handles more
ticks than any other YouTuber out there
it would have simply
been an outclass just total decimation
trading
with
this down to the wick over
here getting that move right to the tick
that right there would have been a
superstar move for you like you would it
would supercharged you it been like man
I saw that coming but now the problem
lies in here if you use that midpoint of
that
Wick over here that's that consequent
encroachment if we would have used that
price with your limit you never would
have been filled so then you would have
had the the conundrum of being right and
perfect where price was going to go but
you can't get out of your trade so you
have to do what you have to fluff up and
afford yourself the
flexibility to be slightly off with your
exits and that's always been my problem
for the last 30 years I have not
mastered the element of being content
with my exits I'm never content with
them because there's always opportunity
to improve on them and I'm always always
tinkering with that aspect of my trading
entries I have enough stop placement I
have perfect logic when it comes to that
I have no problems with knowing when to
add to a trading position I have no
problem with pyramiding I have no
problem taking out partials my problem
is is my Terminus my weakness as Inner
Circle Trader the trader is where my
targets are satisfying my pursuit of
perfection and this is a problem for me
because I'm slightly obsessively
compulsive and I want to get perfect
exits but I know Common Sense will tell
you too that it's not reasonable to
anticipate and expect that you would
have perfect access so if you can have
rules that deliver on the basis of
things I'm teaching here
today if you don't catch the last 15 to
20 handles is it going to be earth
shatting when you've make hundreds of
Handles in the move going
lower it shouldn't so don't fall on the
same mindset that I had that that is not
good enough because it is it's
absolutely Olympic feet level like it's
gold medal
winning but because I have trained
myself that think that it isn't and
journaled early on all wrong telling
myself I should be better than this I
should be able to do that better I
should be able to know this by this time
I did all the things I'm telling you not
to do in your journal and it creates
scar tissue and I wrestle with these
things I remember trades from 30 years
ago when I get into certain market
conditions I'm like I remember the last
time I did this and it it recalls
something negative and then while the
trade's going on I'm fighting to forget
about that because I have Scar Tissue so
it's harder for me to wrestle through
some kinds of Trades because I have hurt
myself in the past as a young man so for
the folks that are trying not to do what
I'm teaching correctly you're inviting
that same problem and it's very hard to
deal with it especially if you start
trading with size you start having real
big positions on it just it
exponentially increases the level of
stress that you have to you know wrestle
with
and that's the business so anyway uh
that's today's lecture that's what we
got for you today hopefully you found
that insightful hopefully you learned
something today um study this little
area in
here I talked about on the regular
trading hours it's right now it's
showing on electronic trading hours and
let me get one more shot for this area
here right there Caleb you see that
little pocket of price action that's
what we were watching that becomes a
balance price range once it leaves it
and the bodies were respecting it
there right there and everything starts
going lower
so that's it that's it I got nothing
else for
I have lots more but I I don't get off
here I'm feing I haven't I didn't do a
live stream yesterday can you tell I'm
going through withdraw but anyway I'll
talk to you guys tomorrow Lord willing I
will try my best to schedule a l session
I had PR personal things that I take
care of yesterday that prevented it so
it's not that for like of wanting to do
it it's just I have take care of that so
that's behind me so we'll figure out
what we can do either tonight or uh
Thursday and the Frid Friday morning and
then we'll see what we got for for that
just know
that we'll be talking about Forex but
it's just going to be an addition to
what I'm talking about with Futures so
it'll be I I'll pull up some charts
pound dollar the dollar Index and euro
dollar and I'll ring in some insights
about those markets but we're still
primarily talking about the index
features so don't think that it's going
to be an entire session of just Forex
related information it's just me ringing
in in information on London as it
relates to those markets Okay so until I
talk to you tomorrow Lord willing be
safe